Justin, someone sent 999 roses for that wench, Kristen.
What?
This wench, I don't know where she's seduced wild men.
Christine, you are really despicable.
Everyone in the black wind tribe knows you're a homeless orphan,
but lonely servant girl.
Who gave you flowers?
You must have slept with other werewolves behind my back.
Justin, steps not near me. I would never do such a thing.
Alpha Justin, watch your words.
I personally vouch for the integrity of Kristen,
and the king sent her these flowers himself.
King Lyca? He sent her those flowers.
Alpha Cassius stopped joking.
His Majesty King Alan is too noble to be interested in Kristen,
in this low light. She's not even worthy to polish his Majesty's shoes.
Exactly. Her partner is me, and I've refused her for such a long time.
She's a worthless mother wolf. Nobody wants.
Justin, let go of me, and I will reject the deal.
Justin, you are disrespecting King Lyca.
I won't believe this nonsense, until his Majesty King Alan admitted himself.
His Majesty King Alan has arrived.
Alpha Justin, what are you doing?